All right so we are in section 2 right now.
Here are the practical ab exercise and what we need to do here.
Very simple step one make two variables called number one and number two in said one to value 10 and
the other to value 20 set number to add two variables and just play the song with Echo.
OK that sounds pretty simple enough.
And then here make two arrays with the same values one regular and the other associate of a rate.
If you want a positive reading go ahead and do that.
You can as a matter of fact I want you to do that.
I want you to try since we already went through this in the lectures.
It should be very simple.
So pause a video go back and if you need to watch a lecture or watch it and come and do that.
After that I'm going to help you out and do it with you.
All right.
Suppose if we didn't do that.
All right so hopefully you were able to post a video and did that.
Now if you if you weren't able to do it don't worry.
We're going to be able to do it right now so let's go ahead and start doing that.
So it's telling us to declare two variables right.
So let's start with the variables number one and we're going to set it to 10 then.
Very well number two.
Right.
And we said this one to 20 pretty simple enough that we are going to be echoing this and we're going
to be a number one plus number two.
All right.
Let's put this in concatenate your tag.
So that way when we write the next steps nothing is wrong with it right.
We get we've got a space below that.
So we got 30 right here as you can see let me make a little bigger.
Dirty.
Perfect.
Next we got to make Torie's right.
So let's go ahead and make two arrays are going to call the first one is going to be a list array is
going to be just a regular array and then I use the array function right here to make this variable
an array.
Right.
So I'm going to put different values here and I'm going to divide the value by Colma right.
There we go.
Perfect.
So that's one array.
Then I'm going to make the other array.
And this is going to be a race has 0 for associative and also when I use the same for my right here.
But this all going to make a little difference so I'm just going to say number here.
That's going to be the key of the array.
And I'm going to point the value of it.
That's it.
That's an associate of array right here.
Right.
With a key of number and a value of 10.
Simple enough.
And we can Eckel equil the first array here this one.
The second array I'm sorry and let's make sure it's the same name we could just copy and paste a year
into that.
So here we put brackets and we refer to the key of the array so that way we can print it out if we wanted
to.
Right.
So let's check that out real quick.
And you see we can see the value of 10 if you want to print out the other.
Let's make sure we concatenate this with a B or tag should right here.
Let's just go ahead and copy that one.
Put it above this one and let's just call the first one here right.
And first of all remember this is a regular array.
So we got to Acqua with the index of 0 and if we go back you see the in 0 was 23 the first one and then
this song is number right.
Simple enough.
To look at the instructions.
We don't have anything else perfect.
So we were able to complete this section successfully and hopefully you did the same.
So I'll see you in the next section.
And good luck.
Thanks and see you in the next lectures